Not any kind of hot and diseased, anything that will relax on that surface or this natural surface,
just be in that spot.
That's what mentioned again in the video.
You may go back to Dzogchen, and that is the grip of the Dzogchen.
The grip of this Dzogchen.
Now, look, Dzogchen has still a heart attack, and the kid doesn't have anything.
And the whole thing comes, and we don't hold on to that.
We don't follow that thought.
Thought is immediately going to its another nature status.
It just immediately went back to the nature.
And that is, if we don't regulate that thought, it just goes back to its own nature status.
And that is known as self-liberation.
We don't have to make any effort to make it.
Change that. Just leave alone.
[Hindi]
Self-liberation and self-liberation or release of the snack is not locked by a smelly sock.
You will use those methods to explain this.
[Hindi]
And we form constant thoughts that we all know that.
We follow our thoughts.
That means we are energizing, we think, we're doing something, more expanding on that thought.
That is called following thought, explaining it.
And that thought then becomes, if the grass is clean,
that is known as making, in the teaching of the state, illusions.
He's cleaning.
And what mind is doing, because the grass is cleaning, that's why it's called illusion.
[Hindi]
And for the nature of the mind is always filled from within, often said.
It's filled from the within, within.
And for the mind, I should ask that nature status,
what do it always in the teaching say, one after the other, say,
"Look to your mind by yourself."
Not keep on.
That is, it's very, sometimes, happen,
but yet it remains all the way, way to usher us back to the nature.
Nature, nature.
When you look to your mind, or when we look to our mind,